Bug 1:
    Status bar was displaying a copy of the game screen and player could go behind the status bar
    Fixed by changing starting address of the game screen by 1440, the number of VGA addresses. 
        Player behind status bar fixed by changing height of game screen by 18, height of status bar.

Bug 2: 
    Was getting warning in my str to graphics function:
        text.c:592: warning: pointer targets in assignment differ in signedness
            591: font_idx = string[i];
            592: char_data = font_data[(int)font_idx];
    Got these warnings throughout
    Fixed by changing font_idx from an int to an unsigned
        Apparently char is signed in our compiler
    Also fixed by making all my char arrays like in str_to_graphics unsigned char arrays

Bug 3:
    PLayer masking not redrawing the ground after player moves, leaving black trail even
        after implementing player masking. 
    Ended up being a rogue redraw in the code that was drawing the player player block again after reputting the 
        background block on the map. 
    Fixed by deleting the draw_full_block function call.

Bug 4: The Status bar was displaying the text jumbled and destroyed
    Fixed by realizing I was writing the planes from 0 to 3 in my string to graphic function but 3 to 0 in my 
        copy_status and show_status functions. So the text was copied over to the build buffer incorrectly.
    
2.2 Bugs
Bug 5: Game crashes after using tux or keyboard to quit the game. 
    Fixed by realizing I wasn't closing my tux thread at the end of the game so the quit flag would go high and
        the tux thread would never join. Added a quit flag break in my tux thread and it was fixed

Bug 6: Text floating up was messing with the character's block. Corrupting the block
    Fixed by reordering the character drawing functions and the text drawing function so the tex wouldn't overwrite
        the block where the character was

Bug 7: Text was garbled and corrupted. 
    Fixed by realizing that I didn't need to handle planes in my new text to graphics function because I was writing to the build
        buffer using math that already handled it.